Back over here on my VS Code terminal, let's test
out the code that's in cuckoo.py.
I'm going to use Python 3 in the module inside of that called venv to once again
create a virtual environment that I'm going to name .venv.
Once I've created that virtual environment,
I'm not going to use VS Code to turn it on,
but rather, I'm going to source the contents of this directory
of .venv/bin/activate, and that file will be sourced in order to
turn on .venv. Again, if you need help with this command on
another operating system,
you can look at the windows_setup.bat file to look at
how to do it in the command prompt.
Now,
that'll still be a little bit different if you're using
PowerShell again, so make sure to open these up in the command
prompt if you're on Windows. This should work as you see it for
Linux and Mac operating systems.
So once this virtual environment is turned on,
let's run pip install, and let's get Jinja2. For Jinja2, I'll have
to use a capital Jinja2, and this will install that dependency. And
then we'll need to also install boto3.
Now, this will just be to install boto3 locally because, again,
we won't need to do that up inside of AWS.
Lambda will provide that dependency for us.
So once this is installed in our virtual environment,
I can clear the screen here just to start fresh, and we can type
in python to use the local .venv version of Python. And this will
open up Python 3.7 in this case, which is what I've installed on my system.
So now let's try using Cuckoo.
I'm going to import Cuckoo just by running import cuckoo, and this will
go and get the local cuckoo.py file here and bring all the functions
inside of it into my Python interpreter.
Now, essentially,
what the Lambda runtime is going to do later is it's going to
look inside of the cuckoo file, and then it's going to try and
find the handler inside of that,
and it's going to call it with an event and a context.
Now, in this case, I'm actually going to use an event,
so I'd want to put some details in here.
Now, this isn't going to do anything because I haven't defined event yet,
so let's go ahead and define event.
Event, in this case, is going to be a CloudWatch event.
And if we want to see what the structure of any kind of event is for
Lambda, we can scroll back to the AWS Console,
go over to the Lambda console here, and we can click on any of
our already created functions and then go over to the Test event
and click Configure test events.
Now, you'll see this is what an event looks like coming from CloudWatch.
Now,
the only important part for us right here is the resources section, and
that's going to be what we look at to the name of our rule that's
interacting with this function. Some I'm going to copy this whole thing
right here, and I'm going to go back to VS Code, and I'm going to
actually open up a new file here.
So let me just have a temporary file.
I'm just going to call this temp, and we'll paste this information in here.
I'm going to edit this so that instead of what's in here right now,
we'll have a rule with a value that will include
something that will trigger this function.
In order to do that,
I want to include the word pickup inside of this rule, so let's
copy and paste this into event down here.
And I'm going to hit Enter.
And now if I type in event one more time,
you should see that it contains a rule with the word pickup in it.
So that's how we could configure this as a sample test event for function.
Now, in order to test this,
then we can run cuckoo.handler, and we could pass it in the event variable we
just created, as well as an empty string here for the context, or we could put
whatever we want inside of it, like context here.
The reason we can do that is because we're not using
this value inside of our function, so it doesn't matter at the moment.
So I'm going to run cuckoo.handler now.
So this output is what's letting us know that it's been
successfully triggered by the pickup rule. Now,
in order to really test this, we're going to need to open up our email address.
Let's go back to cuckoo.py to see what was happening inside of here
whenever we ran a pickup function with that event.
So let's scroll down to the bottom to see what we were
doing whenever we ran that pickup function.
Let's look at our handler at the very bottom here and see who
we're emailing. In this case, we're emailing our clients, so we
want to check the email that's associated with those clients back
at the very top. In this case,
I'll open up the f_mcorey@yahoo.com email in my browser. And over in Yahoo
Mail here, it looks like I have a new reminder. so let's open this up
here. Now, this pickup reminder contains an email template reminding our
customers to come pick up their pets.
So it's talking to me in particular because that's what's inside of
Cuckoo, and it's telling me to pick up Riley by 7 pm. So we've
successfully used this template and tested it out locally.
So this means that not only did we get this template successfully from S3,
but we loaded it into our local environment, and then we used Jinja to fill
these variables in here for my name and Riley's name,
my pet, and then we sent the email with the Amazon Simple Email Service.
Now, if we wanted to, we could also run this test against a few other things.
We could go back to this temp file here that I created this pickup event in,
and we could change this to something like come_to_work,
which would then be supposed to trigger the other events that are at
the bottom of this function in the handler file.
This would trigger an email out to Homer Simpson,
I believe, and the same thing, if we did daily_tasks,
it would just trigger a different email.
So let's give this a try right now.
I'm going to go back to temp here, and now I've
already created this come_to_work event,
so let's recreate this event variable and set it equal to this new value.
And then I can do the exact same thing I was doing before.
I'm going to scroll up through some of the things I've already typed in,
and here we have this cuckoo.handler again, and let's
try running this one more time.
Looks like this time it was triggered by the come_to_work rule, so I
can go back to my browser and check for an email.
And back here in my email for Homer Simpson,
I can log into this and see that I have gotten a reminder to be at work.
So this other test has worked correctly too.
Now, finally,
we can run one last test. Instead of come_to_work, we
can have this be the final test,
which is the daily tasks that Homer should get throughout the day
to remind him to keep a better eye on our pets.
So let's copy this event one more time and once again sit it equal
to the event variable in our Python interpreter.
And let's once again,
I'm just pressing the up arrow a bunch of times to go and get
the line of code that I just ran before.
So I'll run this one more time,
and it looks like it's being correctly triggered by the
daily_tasks that we just set inside of that temp file and
copied and pasted into our interpreter.
Let's go back to Homer's email here and check the inbox one more time.
Looks like we just got a new email, so let's go in here and review it.
Here's Homer's daily tasks. Today, he's going to have to feed the dogs,
rabbits,
cats, and turtles and also walk the dogs and empty the cats' litter boxes.
And we're also using Jinja2 to create a periodic task that
depends on the day that were running this.
So today is Sunday, and I'm running this,
so it's telling me to relax and play with the puppies because it's the weekend.
However, if you're running this on a different day,
it's probably going to tell you to do something else.
So if these tests are all working as we expect,
we could go back VS Code and get ready to create our function.
Make sure to delete this temp file because we don't need it,
and we're not going to load it into our function package.
And after you're done with that,
you can also get out of the Python interpreter so we can go back to
interacting with the AWS CLI in the command prompt. Now, one other
thing is you could clear this screen here and then remove the .venv
and pycache directories.
If .venv is appearing on the left side of your screen,
you can deactivate it with the deactivate command, or on Windows
there's another command you can run that's in the
windows_setup.bat file to run the deactivate script.
Now I'm going to need to remove recursively the .venv virtual
environment just so I don't inadvertently keep some dependencies
around that I don't need in there and ruin that when I'm using the
setup.sh script to create my function package. I'm also going to
remove recursively the pycache directory.
Now,
this is a bunch of information that Python creates in the background sometimes,
but it's not necessary for this project,
and it just adds a bit of extra stuff we don't need to our function package,
so make sure to remove it every once in a while too. And in the next video, we'll be creating our function using the AWS CLI.